Requirements For TDA Live Setup

Tonverk - This is the brains and the clock. via DIN midi in. It should have a keyboard coming into it that can play some of its voices/channels. It should be able to respond to MIDI CC from the Lightreft Monolit and the Oxi E16.


Lightreft Monolit (midi controller, has TRS-A midi out, usb c for power (and midi?) and usb A (for gamepad/usb host)

Oxi E16 (midi controller, has trsA midi in, 2x trsA midi out, usb c for power and midi, it also has Bluetooth which I have not explored yet.). It can also run Lua scripts which can respond to midi in or the internal encoders, and send out midi CCs, midi sysex, etc.


Kenton Pro Solo MkII (DIN Midi in, clock cv out -> Euro 2 Ezepctocore) this also has 2 other aux outputs I'm not currently using, a good use could be to set midi CC on the receive channel which are translated to cv for a standardised purpose in my rack so I can control these from Tonverk sequencer or the othe

Intellijel uMidi (Figure out if it is v1.2 2026.01.06 or v1.1 2021.06.07 web updater and config apps(apple/windows) are here
https://intellijel.com/shop/eurorack/1u/midi-1u/) it is wired in to Euro1 which is an Intellijel case with built in TRSA midi input. it needs to receive the midi out from Tonverk primarily and ideally can be played from the midi keyboard if needed.

Euro 1 - A mono synth voice, controlled by midi-> cv from the Intellijel uMidi, has an Intellijel Atlantix as the main voice. this goes into intellijel sealegs stereo delay module, which has stereo outs. Currently these go to the Bastl Bestie mini mixer stereo input 1. Also receives clock via uMidi, which clocks the syncable lfo on sealegs, and anything else onboard with a clock. Also we can translate a midi cc value and a mod (cc1) value into cv from the uMidi which will be any cc on Midi Channel 1 which is used to control this voice. Reset cv goes from this uMidi to Euro 2 Ezeptocore because the uMidi is a handy source for a reset, and this comes from the midi transport start message from Tonverk (need to verify this works and report back)

Euro 2 - has an Ezeptocore sampler (primarily designed for breakbeats) module. The reset/start signal for this comes from uMidi on Euro 1. the clock for this can't come from uMidi right now, as when it gets the reset, the clock seems to stop and start again so the Ezeptocore takes time to get back into sync. This issue is solved by sending clock from the Kenton Pro Solo MkII aux1 output (a cv output which is configurable to send ppqn clock in different divisions or other cv).  The stereo audio from the Ezeptocore goes into a 4 channel mixer module onboard Euro 2 which then goes to a Stereo filter (Bastl Ikarie) and this goes to a stereo fx (Happy Nerding FX Aid) and then stereo from that goes over minijacks to Bastl Bestie mixer input 2.

Bastl Bestie - mini mixer with 5 inputs - some are stereo or mono with 2 mini jacks per input, some just have stereo trs input. each has a handy mute button. input 3, if not patched, is a feedback input by default so if you turn up the level it starts to create a gnarly feedback which sounds amazing, the problem is to manage this in your mix, you need to ride the master level at the output (or at the input on the Zoom L6 theoretically) which means you're compromising the levels you've set for the eurorack synth voice and if you were messing with this as a performance effect you would have to come back and correct the levels afterwards, probably. Its outputs are a trs stereo which goes to Zoom L6

Vocals - Currently using a Shure SM7B mic. straight into Zoom L6 input 1 (xlr input). Can be sent over Aux1 mono out of L6 into one of Tonverk's 2 routable inputs, to use the onboard effects of Tonverk as vocal fx, controllable by midi or Tonverk internal sequencing. So they stay dry mostly on Zoom L6 and don't make use of its onboard fx.

Zoom L6 - Channel 1 is vocals. Channel 2 is XLR/jack combi input, mono, and is unused. Channel 3, stereo jack inputs, is unused. Channel 4, stereo jack inputs, is unused. Channel 5, stereo jack inputs, is Bastl Bestie L and R stereo (Euro 1 and Euro 2 and feedback sound) Channel 6, stereo jack inputs is Tonverk stereo master out L and R. This has the power to do straight to SD card recordings which could be cool for capturing live sets in decent quality, I believe it gives separate wav files per channel which would allow for mixing later. It also has a usb c onboard which I could potentially use to route audio to the Raspberry Pi, it also has trsA midi in and out which can be used to control onboard parameters, and can be used to send out midi, I guess either that came in from the trs midi in, or potentially that came in over the usb. The only usages for the usb port I have thought of are to connect to raspberry pi to send audio/midi in and out, potentially to control Chataigne open source performance software or some other onboard usage.

Raspberry Pi - I would like to receive midi over usb on here and use it control some visuals in a html/js web page which would have a midi js library that could respond to incoming messages and use that to control what's on screen, change colours, change visuals in time to the midi clock or other signals, etc. I would also like to do something with this where it's somehow responding to the vocals and doing some speech to text recognition and printing the words, ideally straight in the javascript if this were possible, or else in another way. Or responding to the audio in in some as yet undedermined way. for example to control some LED lights that were connected, etc .I have open source software Chataigne on here which can respond to keyboard, mouse, midi events, even potentially a Nintendo wii motion controller or other gamepads, and translate these into standard lighting messages, other midi messages, etc. The goal is to have the Pi connected via HDMI to a screen or projector during live gigs, and display some interesting visuals.

Intech Studio Knot USB host device - a handy small device with USB A midi host capabaility, 1xtrsA midi in, 2x trsa midi out. Can be used potentially with gamepad, or usb of E16 or Monolit midi controllers if this helps with routing. Powered by usb or DC 9v.

CME u6 midi pro - has 3 midi ins. and 3 midi outs. for example keyboard, monolit and oxi e16 can all go into this, then this can go to tonverk, then all that can go onwards as it does now.
